Clear mods properly with `|=` (#584)
xkbcommon/libxkbcommon: changes/api/583.bugfix.md

> Fixed a bug (#583)
> where modifiers would sometimes not be properly unset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a situation where modifiers would sometimes not be properly unset
```

(bis) Do not include the ref to the bug, it’s append automatically.
